absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
ale-py==0.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via black
astroid==2.6.5
    # via pylint
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
autorom[accept-rom-license]==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
autorom-accept-rom-license==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autorom
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
bandit==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
black==21.7b0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==3.3.1
    # via readme-renderer
box2d-py==2.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gym
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
    #   safety
    #   typer
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gym
    #   huggingface-sb3
    #   stable-baselines3
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   radon
    #   twine
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via secretstorage
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cython==0.29.24
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
dparse==0.5.1
    # via safety
filelock==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
flake8==3.9.2
    # via flake8-polyfill
flake8-polyfill==1.0.2
    # via radon
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
future==0.18.2
    # via radon
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.18
    # via bandit
google-auth==2.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
grpcio==1.46.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
gym[box2d]==0.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
huggingface-hub==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-sb3
huggingface-sb3==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
imgui==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ale-py
    #   click
    #   flake8
    #   gym
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   keyring
    #   markdown
    #   pep517
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   stevedore
    #   twine
importlib-resources==5.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ale-py
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.9.3
    # via pylint
jeepney==0.7.1
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
keyring==23.0.1
    # via twine
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
mando==0.6.4
    # via radon
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-markdown-tables
    #   tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ale-py
    #   gym
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   tensorboard
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.5.5.64
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   dparse
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   safety
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pbr==5.6.0
    # via stevedore
pep517==0.11.0
    # via pip-tools
pickle5==0.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-sb3
pillow==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   stable-baselines3
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pkginfo==1.7.1
    # via twine
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygame==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyglet==1.5.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gym
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pylint==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-html==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-metadata==1.11.0
    # via pytest-html
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyvirtualdisplay==3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   dparse
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   huggingface-sb3
radon==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
readme-renderer==29.0
    # via twine
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
regex==2021.7.6
    # via black
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   safety
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorboard
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via twine
rfc3986==1.5.0
    # via twine
rsa==4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
safety==1.10.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
secretstorage==3.3.1
    # via keyring
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   absl-py
    #   bandit
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   mando
    #   python-dateutil
    #   readme-renderer
smmap==4.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-markdown-tables==0.0.15
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
stable-baselines3[extra]==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via bandit
tensorboard==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   dparse
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
tomli==1.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pep517
torch==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stable-baselines3
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   twine
twine==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   black
typer==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   gitpython
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   kiwisolver
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
wasabi==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-sb3
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
    #   pep517

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
